# complex-sequential-circuit

A Combination lock controlled by three buttons (A, B, C). The lock will open when the buttons are pressed in the correct (*ACBC*) order. The code will have 4 digits. I.e., the code can be, for example, the sequence ACAB. If an error occurs when entering the code, the machine will return to its initial state.

You can think of pressing multiple buttons at once either as an invalid state (after which the machine returns to its initial state) or as don’t care.

Regarding the previous note, think about whether it would be possible to make some kind of decoder at the input, which will reduce the number of FSM inputs. Hint: how many bits do I need to encode the information about pressing one of the three buttons?

Entering the code correctly unlocks the lock. When the lock is unlocked, the LED lights up. The code lock will lock again by pressing any button. The number of the automaton’s current state will be shown on the display (for debugging purposes only).

The flip-flop clocks here will be connected directly to the 50 MHz oscillator of the development kit. So you have to solve the problem with the debounce blocks (debounce blocks).

You also need to realize what the machine implementing the code lock will look like - it is also necessary to consider states when no button is pressed. The following is an example of going through each state:

Nothing is pressed
A button pressed
Nothing is pressed
B button pressed
Nothing is pressed
C button pressed
Nothing is pressed
etc.

It can be achieved in two ways: either you design the automaton so that it really passes through all these states, or you use, for example, an edge detector. Think about it.

All designs will be fully synchronous, i.e. all clock signals will be interconnected and connected directly to the clock signal of the development kit. It is not allowed to generate the clock signal with other logic. I.e. for example, it is not possible for the clock signal for the counter (flip-flops) to be generated by another counter. You must help yourself by using the Enable input of the counter, or adapt the combinational logic accordingly.
